**Authorized Heading** - The label used for an authority that is structured and formed in a specific way to be unique within a large ecosystem of authorities, for example "Austen, Jane, 1775-1817"

**Authority** - A concept that provides an access point to resources, it could be a personal name, a corporate name, a subject heading, etc.

**NACO/SACO** - (Name Authority Cooperative/Subject Authority Cooperative) Networks of catalogers in the United Sates creating authority records. 

**LCCN** - A unique number generated by the library of congress that represents an authority or instance (manifestation) https://www.loc.gov/marc/lccn_structure.html

**VIAF** - Virtual Authority File, a project by OCLC to aggregate all the national library authority files and provide a single "cluster" that represents them. 

**LOC** - Library of Congress

**OCLC** - Ohio College Library Center a non-profit company that provides services in the bibliographic/library ecosystem.

**Worldcat** - A large catalog created by OCLC.

**OCLC Number** - A instance/manifestation level identifier for bibliographic resources.

**Wikidata** - A open source / open kwnoledge project similar to Wikipedia but that generates structured. data.

**Q Number** - The identifiers used in Wikidata, everything has a Q number or Q Id

**ISBN** - International Standard Book Number, a commercial instance/manifestation level identifier for bibliographic resources.

**Hathi Trust** - large-scale collaborative repository of digital content from research libraries

**Hathi Trust Record or Volume Id** - A instance/manifestation level identifier for bibliographic resources.

